update docs (#26492)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/Quickstart-on-how-to-write-tests.md

  - [Code structure](#code-structure)
  - [Run tests in record mode](#run-tests-in-record-mode)
  - [Run tests in playback mode](#run-tests-in-playback-mode)

>   - [How to push test recordings to assets repo](#how-to-push-test-recordings-to-assets-repo)

Reviewer: Please refer below to add any missing part in prerequisites section

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/test-utils/recorder/ASSET_SYNC_MIGRATION.md#prerequisites

> export TEST_MODE=playback
> rushx test
```

> ## How to push test recordings to assets repo

Reviewer: Could you merge to main?

Generate an `sdk/<service-folder>/<package-name>/assets.json` file by running the following command.

```bash
npx dev-tool test-proxy init
```
Note: If you [install `dev-tool` globally](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/common/tools/dev-tool#installation), you don't need `npx` prefix in the above command

This command would generate an assets.json file with an empty tag.

Example `assets.json` with an empty tag:

```
{
  "AssetsRepo": "Azure/azure-sdk-assets",
  "AssetsRepoPrefixPath": "js",
  "TagPrefix": "js/network/arm-network",
  "Tag": ""
}
```

Then go to the next step to [Existing package - Tests have been pushed before](#existing-package---tests-have-been-pushed-before).

#### Existing package - Tests have been pushed before
At this point, you should have an `assets.json` file under your SDK. `sdk/<service-folder>/<package-name>/assets.json`.

With asset sync enabled, there is one extra step that must be taken before you create a PR with changes to recorded tests: you must push the new recordings to the assets repo. This is done with the following command:

```bash

> npx dev-tool test-proxy push

Reviewer 2: Also better to mention that the tests have to be recorded using the `TEST_MODE=record`

> export TEST_MODE=playback
> rushx test
```
## How to Push Test recordings to Assets repo
We need to push test recording files to [asset repo](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-assets) after testing your test cases.

### Push test recording

> If your package is new with no recorded tests,kip to the next section [New Package - No Recorded Tests](#new-package---no-recorded-tests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your package is new without any recordings, go to the next section [New Package - No Recorded Tests](#new-package---no-recorded-tests)
```

> If you already have an assets.json file in your package root directory, skip to [Existing package - Tests have been pushed before](#existing-package---tests-have-been-pushed-before).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have an assets.json file in your package root directory, go to [Existing package - Tests have been pushed before](#existing-package---tests-have-been-pushed-before).
```

#### New Package - No Recorded Tests
This section assumes that your package is new to the JS repo and that you're trying to onboard your tests with recorder, and the asset-sync workflow.

Generate an `sdk/<service-folder>/<package-name>/assets.json` file by running the following command.

```bash

> npx dev-tool test-proxy init

Reviewer: @HarshaNalluru Do we have a command which could help 
1) init the assert environment or 2) do nothing if assert.json is there?

If so I was wondering we could directly add the command before customers run any testing.

Another point is if we could append the `push` command after the testing finishs in our package.json so customers don't need to know any push actions.

Reviewer 2: > Just curious do we have a command which could help... 1. init the assert environment or 2) do nothing if assert.json is there?
We could modify init to do nothing if assert.json is already present.

> Another point is if we could append the push command after the testing finishs in our package.json so customers don't need to know any push actions.
We want the users/partners to be aware of the recordings and view them before pushing them to make sure they are as expected.
Automating that might defeat that purpose.

Reviewer: Sure let's add these steps to let customers run first and open to collect any feedback.

### Push test recording

#### New Package - No recorded tests
This section assumes that your package is new to the JS repo and that you're trying to onboard your tests with recorder, and the asset-sync workflow.

Generate an `sdk/<service-folder>/<package-name>/assets.json` file by running the following command.

```bash
npx dev-tool test-proxy init
```
Note: If you [install `dev-tool` globally](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/common/tools/dev-tool#installation), you don't need `npx` prefix in the above command

This command would generate an assets.json file with an empty tag.

Example `assets.json` with an empty tag:

```
{
  "AssetsRepo": "Azure/azure-sdk-assets",
  "AssetsRepoPrefixPath": "js",
  "TagPrefix": "js/network/arm-network",
  "Tag": ""
}
```

Then go to the next step to [Existing package - Tests have been pushed before](#existing-package---tests-have-been-pushed-before).

> #### Existing package - Tests have been pushed before

Reviewer 2: This guide is meant for the RLC packages, right?
Do you know how many existing packages for which recordings are present and have not been pushed to the assets repo?? If there are none, there is no point in adding this migration. Just "doing from scratch" workflow should be good.

Reviewer: I think we could re-organize the sections to reduce confusion currently all existing packages(RLC or mgmt) are pushed to assent repo and the migration is taken from our team. But for customers they also have two scenarios:
1) the package is new and first time to run tests
2) the package's recordings are pushed to asset repo but customers are the first time to run test.
